docs: update `README` of the plugin (#5)
eduNEXT/platform-plugin-elm-credentials: README.rst

Platform Plugin ELM Credentials
###############################

|ci-badge| |license-badge| |status-badge|

Purpose
*******

Open edX plugin that includes an API endpoint to generate a JSON file with the

> European Learning Model (ELMv3) data model format. Only learners who have

Reviewer: can you link documentation?

Author: Done

.. code-block:: bash

  git commit ...
  git push

Using the API
*************

**IMPORTANT**: To use the API, you need to have a course with **certificates**
enabled. You should consider the following:

1. You should configure from the Django administrator the **coursemode**, the
   **certificate generation configuration**, and the **certificate html view configuration**
2. You should activate certificates in the course from Studio in the
   **Settings** > **Certificates**.

Now, you can use the API. The API endpoints is protected with the same auth
method as the Open edX platform. For generate a token, you can use the next
endpoint:

- POST ``/<lms_host>/oauth2/access_token/``: Generate a token for the user. The
  content type of the request must be ``application/x-www-form-urlencoded``.

  **Body parameters**

  - ``client_id``: Client ID of the OAuth2 application. You can find it in the
    Django admin panel. Normally, it is ``login-service-client-id``.
  - ``grant_type``: Grant type of the OAuth2 application. Normally, it is
    ``password``.
  - ``username``: Username of the user.
  - ``password``: Password of the user.

>   - ``token_type``: Type of the token. By default, it is ``bearer``

Reviewer: You should also mention that a new oauth2 application can be used

Author: Done

  **Response**

  - ``access_token``: Access token of the user. You must use this token in the
    ``Authorization`` header of the requests to the API.

Finally, you are ready to use the API. The next endpoint is available:

- GET ``/<lms_host>/platform-plugin-elm-credentials/<course_id>/api/credential-builder/``:
  List all the topics in the course.

  **Path parameters**

  - ``course_id``: ID of the course.

  **Query parameters**

>   - ``expired_at`` (optional): Date of the expiration of the credential. It

Reviewer: It should be expires_at in the present simple

Author: Done

    must be in the format ``YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss±hh:mm``. This parameter
    modifies the properties ``validUntil`` and ``expirationDate`` of the ELMv3
    format. By default, it is ``None``.
  - ``to_file`` (optional): If it is ``true``, the response will be a JSON file
    with the ELMv3 format. If it is ``false``, the response will be a JSON with

>     the ELMv3 format. By default, it is ``false``.

Reviewer: I thought the default was true: https://github.com/eduNEXT/platform-plugin-elm-credentials/pull/2/files#diff-8e3405e8d75b7e762c648320762e1273966fa9ecab462fbde2514890e7419786R19

Author: Yes, the default is true, I fixed it

Configuring plugin settings
****************************

Default settings are defined for **Unidigital project**. If you want to change
the settings, you can do this in two ways:

1. You can configure the settings in a specific course using ``Other Course Settings``
   in the ``Advanced Settings`` section in Studio.

   .. code-block:: json

    {
      ...
      "ELM_CREDENTIALS_DEFAULTS": {
        "primary_language_code": "POR",
        "primary_language_map": {"fr": "FRA", "de": "DEU"},
        "org_country_code": "PRT",
        "issuer_id": "8fb2a434-e46b-4fd9-80d1-ce7ff11c0048"
      }

>     }

Reviewer: Please list which settings I can change, what each means, and what the Unidigital project defaults are.

Author: Done

    ``Authorization`` header of the requests to the API.

Finally, you are ready to use the API. The next endpoint is available:

- GET ``/<lms_host>/platform-plugin-elm-credentials/<course_id>/api/credential-builder/``:
  List all the topics in the course.

  **Path parameters**

  - ``course_id``: ID of the course.

  **Query parameters**

  - ``expires_at`` (optional): Date of the expiration of the credential. It
    must be in the format ``YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss±hh:mm``. This parameter
    modifies the properties ``validUntil`` and ``expirationDate`` of the ELMv3
    format. By default, it is ``None``.
  - ``to_file`` (optional): If it is ``true``, the response will be a JSON file
    with the ELMv3 format. If it is ``false``, the response will be a JSON with
    the ELMv3 format. By default, it is ``true``.

Configuring plugin settings
***************************

You can configure some settings for the plugin. The available settings are the
following:

* **primary_language_code**: Primary language code of the credential. It is
  used to generate the ``primaryLanguage`` property of the ELMv3 format. By

>   default, the language defined in the platform is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  default, the language defined by the Django setting `LANGUAGE_CODE` is used.
```

* **primary_language_map**: Map of the primary language code with the language.
  This settings is useful when the language defined in the primary language
  code is different from English or Spanish.
* **org_country_code**: Country code of the organization. It is used to
  generate the ``countryCode`` property of the ELMv3 format. By default, it is
  ``ESP``.
* **issuer_id**: ID of the issuer. It is used to generate the ``issuer`` property

>   of the ELMv3 format. By default, a random UUID is generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  of the ELMv3 format. By default, a random in-memory UUID is generated.
```

Default settings are defined for **Unidigital project**. If you want to change
the settings, you can do this in two ways:

1. You can configure the settings in a specific course using ``Other Course Settings``
   in the ``Advanced Settings`` section in Studio.

   .. code-block:: json

    {
      ...
      "ELM_CREDENTIALS_DEFAULTS": {
        "primary_language_code": "POR",
        "primary_language_map": {"fr": "FRA", "de": "DEU"},
        "org_country_code": "PRT",
        "issuer_id": "8fb2a434-e46b-4fd9-80d1-ce7ff11c0048"
      }
    }

2. You can configure the settings using a Django setting in the LMS.

   .. code-block:: python

    ELM_CREDENTIALS_DEFAULTS = {
      "primary_language_code": "POR",
      "primary_language_map": {"fr": "FRA", "de": "DEU"},
      "org_country_code": "PRT",
      "issuer_id": "8fb2a434-e46b-4fd9-80d1-ce7ff11c0048",
    }

> The order of precedence is the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order of precedence when looking for the defaults is the following:
```
